(whimsical music).
- When we look at the cost of X3,
I believe in anybody who
works at this company
believes it's actually
incredibly cost effective
and here's why.
It needs to handle seven times the force
of typical gym equipment
because everyone is seven times stronger
than they think they are
because we're hyper loading
the stronger ranges of motion.
And this initiates the
accelerated rate of growth.
So it needs to be built a lot tougher,
like certainly a lot tougher
than home gym equipment.
But even commercial gym equipment
that gets used all day long.
The X3 is built to a
higher quality standard,
higher weight tolerance standard.
Therefore it needs to be made
out of more powerful materials.
For example, typical
Olympic bar is hollow.
This has steel running
all the way through.
And it's anodized
aluminum on the exterior.
We have more powerful banding
than is found anywhere
we've seen in the world.
And that's how we get to that.
If you're six feet tall,
the dead lift with this
is 615 pounds at peak.
And like I said, you're
seven times stronger.
So a lot of people are
gonna be able to handle that
and do incredibly well with it.
So the real answer is,
number one, it's made in the United States
and all the parts are
made in the United States.
So, I mean, we're supporting the country.
That's a good thing.
But also the quality has
to be able to deliver
the right amount of force
to give you the results
because ultimately, how you
workout doesn't really matter
if you're getting growth
three times faster
than you would with weight training.
Isn't that the objective?
So when somebody uses X3 for six months
and they put on 20 pounds of muscle,
which happens all the time,
you can see it on the user's forum
and you can see it on the
before and after on our website,
that seems to be the real answer.
What's 20 pounds of muscle worth?